=head1 NAME

vbm15to163 - migrate data from Membase 1.5 to 1.6.3 or later

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  vbm15to163 [options]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

vbm15to163 is a utility designed only for migrating from certain old
releases of membase to an updated release of membase.  

Check with support@membase.org before trying to use this utility for
any other purposes.  It's scope is very, very limited.

=head1 OPTIONS

The following options is supported:

=over 4

=item -h hostname:port

Connect to the given host:port combination.

=item -b bucket id

Operate on the specified bucket id. You may specify a list of buckets
by using , or ; as the separator character, or a range of buckets by
specifying them as [start,stop].

To add bucket 1, 2, 3 and 4 you may use one of the following:

-b 1 -b 2 -b 3 -b 4
-b 1,2,3,4
-b [1,4]

=item -e

Run as an Erlang port (terminate if stdin is closed)

=item -t

Move the responsibility for the buckets to the other servers

=item -T n

Terminate if no progress happens for n seconds.

=item -d host:port

Send all vbuckets to this server.

=item -v

Increase the verbosity output

=item -a auth

Use SASL authentication to authenticate user "auth" to the memcached
server. There is no option to provide the password (that would make it
visible for other users by running ps(1). Instead vbucketmigrator will
read the password from standard input. If you don't want to type it in
yourself, you can always fall back to:


echo "mypassword" | vbucketmigrator -a myuser [options]

=item -A

Try to use the tap ack protocol

=item -N name

Use a named tap stream

=item -V

Validate the bucket states in the downstream servers after a
successful transfer of the messages. Please note that this
use a method specific to ep-engine and may not work as
intended on other memcached engines.

=item -F

Flush all the data from the receiving side before sending new data.

=item -M d,l

Specify a period of time to backoff, and how long the ep_queue_size may
become on a downstream connection.  -M - will set the defaults of 500
and 10000.

=cut
